finally   suite
----------------
1) finally:
	clean-up  code

2) What  does  finally  suite  do  ?  --->  Closes  all  those  connections  which  are  opened  by  try  suite
                                                               and  not  closed  by  try  suite

3) If  try  suite  opens  database   connection , network  connection , file  and  so  on,
    finally  suite  closes  all  of  them  provided  they  were  not  closed  by  try  suite

4) try:
	 open  database  connection
	 open  network  connection
	 open  file
    finally:
	   if  database  connection  is  not  closed:
			close  database  connection
	   if  network  connection  is  not  closed:
			close  network  connection
           if  file  is  not  closed:
			close  file

5) When  is  finally  suite  executed  ?  --->  Always  executed

6) Is  finally  suite  executed  when  error  is  thrown  ?  ---> Yes
    Is  finally  suite  executed  when  there  is  no  error ?  ---> Yes
    Is  finally  suite  executed  when  error  is  caught  ?  --->  Yes
    Is  finally  suite  executed  when  error  is  not  caught  ?  ---> Yes

7) Therefore  finally  suite  is  always  executed (come  what  may)

8) In  other  words,  control  does  not  move  out  of  the  method  (or)  function  (or)  program
     without  execution  of  finally  suite

9) When  is  except  suite  executed  ?  --->  As  soon  as  error  try  suite  raises  an  error

10) What  does  every  try  suite  demand ? --->  except  suite  (or)  finally  suite  (or)  both

11) Can  finally  suite  be  used  independently  without  try  suite ?  --->  No
													          i.e. It  should  be  used  along  with  try  suite

12) Which  of  the  following  are  valid ?
     a) try -  except  ---> Valid
    b) try -  finally --->  Valid
    c) try -  except -  finally --->  Valid
    d) try - except1 - except2 - except3 -  finally --->  Valid
    e) try - finally - except ---> Invalid  becoz  finally  suite  can  not  be  between  try  and  except
    f) try - except - finally1 - finally2 - finally3 ---> Invalid  due  to  multiple  finally  suites

13) How  many  finally  suites  are  permitted  for  a  try  suite ?  --->  Either  one  or  none  but  not  more  than  one

14) def   f1():
	   try:
	        open  file
	        perform  input / output  operations  on  file
	        close  file
          except:
                 print  a  msg
          finally:
	        if   file  is  not closed:
			  close  file
     Who  closes  the  file  when  error  is  raised  during  I / O  operations  ?  --->finally  suite
     Who  closes  the  file  when  no  error  is  raised ?  ---> try  suite

15) What  is  the  issue  when  finally  suite  is  omitted  ?  --->
								File  is  not  closed  when  exception  is  thrown  during  i / o  operations

16) What  is  the  issue  when  file  is  not  closed ?  --->  If  the  function  is  called  again,
                                                                                          pvm  can  not  open  already  opened  file  becoz  file  was  not  closed
							                                  for  the  1st  function  call  and  reports  an  error